I talked now with the classical ballerina nina rosa da silva she went
selected to study in miami siriba arisco is one of the largest ballet collage
of america and animist here with me in the studio and tell us a
All right, I got this story. Good morning, girl. It's okay. I understand. All right.
- How old are you
77 17 years and how did you start your story with whale
It's not like the teacher says in my head in the front row.
n
I started with quitting
six years here in araçatuba pastry was more attending unhurriedly
ef
when I was about ten years old, china
What thing in the head that wanted to be a dancer?
do you start doing gymnastics - I know gymnastics
and how was your transition from gymnastics works
and I asked to start making ballet kitty and I really liked it.
to win
you were enchanted with some scene with some leadership
should a lot on tv odds
impressive
most of the girls when they are little want to make of america -
It was no different with me and you were six years old.
stopped more
and how does your daily workout routine in hours accounts
by the day did you work
at five o'clock a day
in the morning
helia that school that now finishes in third place
this morning in front of the school and in the afternoon in case of hospitalization
You have to donate in Araçatuba.
lion
fall below 6 to 13
I leave with three and I changed São Paulo
little stroll
the one said paulo são paulo
so you've already had a promising career since you were little at age 13
you were selected by the municipal ballet of são paulo incor
and how was that experience there?
Breakfast was good it was very very
is to bring the ashes to dissipate
we learned a lot like this
Who does not know yet?
the elderly woman who noticed that municipal I that leads to have to decide yet was not
what I wanted to do then start doing it in the schoolbook
and what you want
I wanted to be a dancer, even in the company.
is signed as a national-pb island in the company career
and irony you said that you train five hours a day how is this routine
much pain after the start of the recession
nothing to reconcile study either nothing
in the morning we
if you miss school and in the afternoon there will be a meeting with the intervals
the essay rates have to study for the tests
the chapecoense two roads are our workshops always have
but the pleasure that is much greater than today's
and how was that experience there in the municipal ballet of São Paulo that
You learned what you lift for yourself.
dry season experience deficit there
no wonder it is that in a fiscal year
on the road
for those who want to have a very good classical training
As I wanted to pursue a dancer's career they do not provide
the support for you
they would have to the talent they do the classic formation that is
excellent hotel
and it's what the decision is a girl why
a lot like you said every girl dreams of whale making but it's not so easy
In order to follow a professional classical dancer's career it takes a lot
practice a lot of discipline a lot of dedication
What's the tip you give a gun girl who's listening to people who
Do you have this dream as you?
first place of a just have talent he has to have discipline and respect
by the other being repeating abroad yes
very hardworking you will always have to have someone close to the settlement
francisco assis in the sense of wanting to surpass each day more and more
we look at you, your biotype that your body tells us is
ballerina can not say no
everton still the country
what he
lost control of the car and realized that not yet identified and how it is
that you control Isis valverde if you are careful about this feeding with
this in itself is only done other activities than ballet
he takes care of food has gone through the technical recession
technical inspection wait
help in the functioning of the heart that your knowledge of your own body
and these activities are guided at 5 hours of training or not
they will have
talabani as something like it was a
the selection process begins to enter into
mouse for the first time with the gun and needs
brush
So my teacher is light, Paulo Camila, she told me.
are athletes of the selection
only need to bring what it was like to make a donation like this
as an experience there I went totally without
without proposal to pass even there I was selected with the integral scholarship and
stay when it is what you were when it is aimed at pre-selected guide
for the course of July he learned to know them
you will summer
this was in a national emergency
the decision was in April in July it would have been there in theory
the girl looks at
I'd like to come back here to tell you
people as equipment was this experience
agency that you can fulfill your dream of being a class dancer
Congratulations to the world.